( Watch on Kissasia.vip )
Speak.
At the entrance of the Harmonica Society,
holding an open-air concert
to incite anti-Manchurian and anti-Japanese sentiments.
At the broadcasting station,
playing 'The Pioneers'
with a hint of violence.
Great.
Who is the mastermind?
Is it Qin Na?
Don't make false accusations.
It has nothing to do with Qin Na.
I organized it.
I did it.
Bastard!
Come at me if you have the guts.
It seems the intensity isn't enough.
We need to step it up.
Gu Xiaoxiong,
a wise man submits to circumstances.
Why suffer like this?
Chief.
Gu Xiaoxiong is an educated man.
Maybe reasoning with him is more effective.
Let me try.
You traitor!
Stop pretending to be the good guy.
One day you will all die a horrible death.
Old Chen,
you are still too kind.
Too soft-hearted, you know?
You can't be gentle with this kind of person.
We have to use force.
Leave it to me.
What are you doing?
Let me go!
Don't move! Let me go!
You play the harmonica quite well.
Then you just need your mouth.
Your hands are useless.
Miss Qin.
I didn't expect
we'd meet again like this.
Please have a seat.
No need, Mr. Matsuda.
Where is Gu Xiaoxiong?
I heard
you brought him here.
My harmonica society still has classes tomorrow.
Can I take him back?
The members are all very scared,
not knowing what happened.
Your harmonica team captain
was at the broadcasting station,
conducting 'The Pioneers'
to incite the people against Manchuria and Japan.
Mr. Matsuda.
Is there a misunderstanding here?
He is still young.
He couldn't possibly do such a thing.
If there is any offense,
please forgive him.
Can I see him?
Of course.
I will give them a call.
Tell Section Chief Qian,
I will bring Miss Qin immediately
to see Mr. Gu Xiaoxiong.
Please ask them to prepare.
Captain Matsuda.
Bastard!
Yes.
They are too ruthless.
Miss Qin.
Please persuade him.
If this continues,
I'm afraid Mr. Gu's hands
won't even be able to hold a harmonica.
Just admit your mistake,
and sign a letter of repentance.
I promise that he and those children
can all get lenient sentences.
I promise.
Can I have a word with him?
Sure.
Xiaoxiong.
Sister Qin.
Sorry, Sister Qin.
I got you involved.
I have nothing to confess.
Xiaoxiong.
Miss Qin.
Are you crazy?
Xiaoxiong.
Send Miss Qin
away.
Miss Qin, rest assured.
Captain Matsuda will handle it.
Go.
Mr. Gu, have a seat.
Miss Qin, I'm sorry.
Mr. Gu, why are you doing this?
Mr. Gu. Mr. Gu.
Why are you following me?
No.
Did Captain Matsuda
ask you to follow me?
No.
Captain Matsuda asked me to safely escort Miss Qin
home.
Thank you.
Miss Qin, wait.
I've been wondering about something.
How could there be anti-Japanese and anti-Manchukuo elements
in the harmonica club
when Miss Qin is so beautiful?
Nonsense.
Believe it or not, I'll take you to Captain Matsuda right now
and we'll confront him.
Face to face.
Don't.
I just want to ask
if I can join the harmonica club?
I like music too.
Rascal.
Miss Qin.
I haven't finished.
Let's talk.
Go.
Sister Qin, get in.
Let's go together.
You go first.
This is Comrade Dajiang's latest intel.
It must be sent tonight.
You can't send telegrams anymore.
Gu Xiaoxiong is just a scholar.
He can't stand the Japanese torture.
Besides, the Japanese already suspect you.
Can't you see
someone is following you?
You must leave Harbin immediately.
I'll send you out of the city tonight.
Xiaoxiong didn't say anything.
It's just that
he won't be able to play the harmonica anymore.
I won't leave.
Xiaoxiong and the other team members
must be saved.
The transmitter in the warehouse can't be installed for nothing.
Sister Qin.
As agreed, at 9:30
the radio and transmitter will be turned on at the same time.
How is Xiaoxiong?
He's fine.
Hurry up and send the telegram.
This is the intel Xiaoling just got.
I'll translate it first.
At the agreed 9:30,
Lao Zhang's transmitter
and our radio will start at the same time.
These bastards.
They are trying to surround
the Anti-Japanese United Army recon squad at Mao'er Mountain.
The recon squad has already finished
scouting the exact location of the Japanese Dong'an armory
and the guards' shift change times.
So the most important thing right now
is to have the squad evacuate quickly
and pass the intel out.
I've been to that place.
We can have the squad
evacuate by detouring to the rocky slope on the west.
That's a blind spot for the cavalry.
We only have three minutes.
If the telegram isn't finished,
transfer to transmission point 3 immediately.
You transmit. I'll cover you.
Time's up.
There's a signal.